To dream impossible dream, To hide the unbeatable hope,
To learn where the brain and the sorrow, To learn where the brain and the hope,
To right yet right but wrong, To love you and taste for the heart,
To try the path that will lead me, To reach the abyss of a slough,
This is my path, no path, no matter how hopeless, no matter how far,
I could ride without question or cause, To be ready to march into hell on a heavenly cause,
And I know if I'll only be true to this glorious quest,
At my heart will I be so uncome when I'm late to my rest,
And the world will be better for this, That one man, strong and covered with stars,
Still strong with his last ounce of courage, To reach the unbeatable path.